A guy's walk home in this lecture, we're going to have to divide and test and we are going to have
them displayed horizontally, that is from left to right.
Okay.
So in order to do this, we're going to need to go back to our via code.
And you can see via this last container we have is for this over here.
So we send the column.
Sorry.
After this container within the column.
Yes, we can just have the channel come out via its control and save.
And over here we can then have.
A trailer my there and the first widgets we're going to use is a size box which is similar to that of
the container and we can then have a height of 40.
Now, like I said, we are going to have three widgets that is to divider and the test is going to be
at the middle.
And these three tests are going to be this theory.
Widgets are going to be displayed horizontally, that is from left to right.
So what we have to do is this task box has a property known as child.
And for the child it's going to be a row widget.
And the reason for this row is because we want to be able to display widgets horizontally.
And as we know, the row can take multiple widgets.
So it asks this to draw property and the first child is going to be something known as divider.
Diverter.
Or we can just give a size box to this as well.
That is how long or how wide we want this divider to be so we can give a sized.
Size box.
Then we can say hides.
We want the hides to be 40.
Long and the wheat to be 50 wide.
Okay.
I don't recover and use control and as to save now.
And now we can have the child.
The child is going to be something known as divider.
Divider.
The Varda The Divider has a property which is known as colour.
For the colours we can see colours dirt's grey.
And also the Divider has a property known as thickness.
That is the thickness of what we want.
We can then say one and how do trachoma use confer?
And that's to save this and check it out.
You're going to see it over.
Hopefully you can see it or maybe you can't.
Okay.
And.
We can just have it come over.
There is control and save.
And had your trainer coma.
We can then have.
It says widgets, which is going to say account.
In full and for.
And we can add the chain of command and all this type of property to this sty test.
Test sty, we can increase the font size to maybe 22 and we can increase the font suite.
We can then save font suite's font with W 700, that is, we don't want it to be that bold and we can
change the color to colors the grades and make it look faded.
The key had you to look over.
And I think we're missing one additional parenthesis and additional comma and use control to save.
Okay.
You're going to say it over here.
Okay, great.
Now, how about you?
We can have another divider.
Okay, I'm just going to had a channel cover and size box.
Size works.
And heights is going to be 40.
That is how long and wheat.
He's going to be 50.
And then the child.
It is going to be a divider.
Divider.
And as in all, the divider has the color property, we could say colors that red.
So make it more visible, but we can just go with colors that gray and we can also specify the thickness
we could save five.
This will make it more thicker.
And I think we're missing one additional parenthesis.
Okay, go check it out.
You're going to see the difference between you can see this.
This looks way thicker than this, where we could just go with one as well to have equal thickness.
Okay.
And.
What we can then do is within the row we can then say main axis.
Sorry.
Main axis.
Alignment.
Main.
Main is.
I lament the center.
Use contour and se to save and.
Looking great, right?
Okay, now we can take this a bit to the bottom.
To do that, we have to go to the top.
That is, before this first bar we wrap, we are wrapping the row with this size box.
Probably you can get rid of this to see what happens.
Remove this widget and see if there is really any difference.
Okay.
Not really difference.
I think that's just a dead code.
Okay.
So you could have a size box.
Size works.
And.
We can then see heights.
We are given the space vertically, right?
So this is going to be height, maybe heights of 20 and then it's going to go to the bottom with 26.
I think this is looking.
This is looking great.
Or probably we can increase the size of the test to maybe 24.
And see.
Okay.
Look, this is basically all you need to know about divider.
You can see how it works now.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.